README.md, before:

# Onboarding

## Introduction
We wish you a very warm welcome here at Creadi and we are very happy to have you working with us.

This repository is made to make sure that everyone who is working with us is at the same page.
You will read about our culture, our coding style, our git commit style, almost about anything.
If you have the feeling that something is missing, please create a pull request.

That's it. Please take your time reading and have a look at the linked resources. If there are any questions, please ask.

## Culture
- We care for the team.
- We are open and honest.
- We help and support each other wherever needed.
- We not only try to improve ourselves but to improve everyone else as well.
- We don't hold back information that could potentially help someone else.
- We address problems immediately.

## Developers Weekly
Every monday morning at 10:30am we have a short team meeting. It's purpose is:
- What is coming up this week?
- What have I done last week?
- What will I do this week?

## Git Commits
To have a common style for git commits, please read the following and then stick to it:
- [https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)

## Coding Style Guides
We care about our code style. That's why every repository has a file for linting and a `.editorconfig` file to help you sticking to it. If you find missing rules, please add them.

Please make sure that you have installed the needed plugins in your editor of choice:
- Editorconfig: [http://editorconfig.org/](http://editorconfig.org/)
- Typescript Linter
- Javascript Linter

### JavaScript style guide
We stick to AirBnB's style guide.

- https://github.com/airbnb/javascript

### TypeScript
We use TypeScrit wherever possible.

## Code Reviews
Code reviews are very important to us. Why?

- It's a great opportunity to onboard new developers and help them to stick with code style guide
- It's a great opportunity to help finding better variable names and to improve the understandability and readability of the code
- It's a great opportunity to share knowledge

Please be aware that the developer who writes the code and the code reviewer share the responsibility for the code. So try your very best when reviewing code. It's of great importance!


## Bibliography

If you want to dive deeper into a topic, here are some good references.

### Typescript
- [https://github.com/basarat/typescript-book](https://github.com/basarat/typescript-book)

Commit message:

Say that we like small commits

README.md, after:

# Onboarding

## Introduction
We wish you a very warm welcome here at Creadi and we are very happy to have you working with us.

This repository is made to make sure that everyone who is working with us is at the same page.
You will read about our culture, our coding style, our git commit style, almost about anything.
If you have the feeling that something is missing, please create a pull request.

That's it. Please take your time reading and have a look at the linked resources. If there are any questions, please ask.

## Culture
- We care for the team.
- We are open and honest.
- We help and support each other wherever needed.
- We not only try to improve ourselves but to improve everyone else as well.
- We don't hold back information that could potentially help someone else.
- We address problems immediately.

## Developers Weekly
Every monday morning at 10:30am we have a short team meeting. It's purpose is:
- What is coming up this week?
- What have I done last week?
- What will I do this week?

## Git Commits
To have a common style for git commits, please read the following and then stick to it:
- [https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)

__We like to have many small and descriptive commits.__

Why?

- It helps to do one thing after the other and not trying do many things at once.
- It makes it easier to undo certain code changes
- It helps the reviewer to first get the goal/intention of the other developer before checking if he agrees in the way it was implemented

## Coding Style Guides
We care about our code style. That's why every repository has a file for linting and a `.editorconfig` file to help you sticking to it. If you find missing rules, please add them.

Please make sure that you have installed the needed plugins in your editor of choice:
- Editorconfig: [http://editorconfig.org/](http://editorconfig.org/)
- Typescript Linter
- Javascript Linter

### JavaScript style guide
We stick to AirBnB's style guide.

- https://github.com/airbnb/javascript

### TypeScript
We use TypeScrit wherever possible.

## Code Reviews
Code reviews are very important to us. Why?

- It's a great opportunity to onboard new developers and help them to stick with code style guide
- It's a great opportunity to help finding better variable names and to improve the understandability and readability of the code
- It's a great opportunity to share knowledge

Please be aware that the developer who writes the code and the code reviewer share the responsibility for the code. So try your very best when reviewing code. It's of great importance!


## Bibliography

If you want to dive deeper into a topic, here are some good references.

### Typescript
- [https://github.com/basarat/typescript-book](https://github.com/basarat/typescript-book)
